= redminex_ux_upgrade

#RedmineX UX Upgrade Plugin

#Foreword
Thank you for purchasing the RedmineX UX Upgrade plugin. Below, you will find useful information about the plugin.

#Contents

1. Installation
2. Update

0. Bitnami
If you are running Redmine using Bitnami, version 4.2.3-27-r02 and above, you will have to make permission adjustments to two of your folders. Go to /bitnami/redmine/public and change the plugin_assets folder permissions to 777 by running the following command: chmod -R 777 plugin_assets. Then go to /opt/bitnami/redmine/public and change the themes folder permissions to 777 by running the following command: chmod -R 777 themes. Now you're all set.

1. Installation of the UX Upgrade Plugin
Follow the standard Redmine plugin installation procedure: 

·Unzip the archive and copy it to redmine_root/plugins or copy the archive in the same location and perform the unzip command in cour console.
·from redmine_root run bundle install
·from redmine_root run bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
·restart Redmine

2. Updating The UX Upgrade Plugin
These are the steps needed to update the UX Upgrade plugin: 

·Go to redmine_root/plugins and delete the 000_redmine_x_ux_upgrade folder
·Go to redmine_root/public/plugin_assets and delete the 000_redmine_x_ux_upgrade folder
·Restart Redmine
·Copy the new UX Upgrade version into the redmine_root/plugins folder
·from redmine_root run bundle install
·from redmine_root run bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
·Restart Redmine

Enjoy! RedmineX Team 
www.redmine-x.com